docs: split Tracing Policy concept page into subpages (#1377)
cilium/tetragon: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/tracing-policy/example.md

---
title: "Example"
icon: "tutorials"
weight: 1
description: "Learn the basics of Tracing Policy via an example"
---

To discover `TracingPolicy`, let's understand via an example that will be
explained, part by part, in this document:

```yaml
apiVersion: cilium.io/v1alpha1
kind: TracingPolicy
metadata:
  name: "fd-install"
spec:
  kprobes:
  - call: "fd_install"
    syscall: false
    args:
    - index: 0
      type: "int"
    - index: 1
      type: "file"
    selectors:
    - matchArgs:
      - index: 1
        operator: "Equal"
        values:
        - "/etc/passwd"

>         - "/etc/shadow"

Author: maybe it's better if we don't use enforcement on the example? I don't know on one side I wanted something simple but on the other side I wanted to showoff Tetragon's capabilities. Maybe removing sigkill is better.

>         - "/etc/shadow"

Reviewer: I think using sigkill is good for illustration purposes: i) it illustrates how one can use actions, and ii) you can just see the application being killed rather than an event which is more immediate.

>         - "/etc/shadow"

Author: Yep I used a dummy `/tmp/tetragon` file instead

      matchAction:
      - action: Sigkill
```

> 

Author: I added a warning.

## Required fields

```yaml
apiVersion: cilium.io/v1alpha1
kind: TracingPolicy
metadata:
  name: "fd-install"
```

The first part follows a common pattern among all Cilium Policies or more
widely [Kubernetes object](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/).
It first declares the Kubernetes API used, then the kind of Kubernetes object
it is in this API and an arbitrary name for the object, that has to comply with
[Kubernetes naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/).

## Hook point

```yaml
spec:
  kprobes:
  - call: "fd_install"
    syscall: false
    args:
    - index: 0
      type: "int"
    - index: 1
      type: "file"
```

> The beginning of the specification describe the hook point to use, here we
> are using a kprobe, hooking on the kernel function `fd_install`. We indicate
> that it's not a syscall (which is by the way unecessary since false is the
> default). Then we specify the argument of the specified function symbol to be
> able to extract them, and optionally perform filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beginning of the specification describes the hook point to use. In this case, it is 
a kprobe, hooking on the kernel function `fd_install`. We indicate
that it's not a syscall (can be omitted, since this is the default). We also specify arguments and their type, which will  instruct Tetragon to extract them and include them in any resulting events, as well enable filtering based on their values in subsequent selectors.
```

Reviewer: Also just noticed that syscall is true by default: https://github.com/cilium/tetragon/blob/main/pkg/k8s/apis/cilium.io/v1alpha1/types.go#L118-L120

Author: I removed that sentence.
